In the space below, the list of agreed upon guidelines that our team intends to follow.
Include guidelines for the following:
• methods of communication 
    Our team will be communicating using messenger, and discord.
    Discord will be used for standups and Messenger will be used for contacting individuals.

• communication response times 
    Each individual is expected to respond to a message on discord or messenger within 3 hours.

• meeting attendance 
    Standups: Every weekday at 6pm. Everybody should attend all standups unless an emergency arises.
    Tutorial: For our sprints our team will be attending tutorial Thursday 10:00 - 11:00 TA: Brian Lin

• running meetings
    The standups will be held every weekday at 6pm on discord. The team will be having a leader that is
    going to lead the standups and is going to ask individuals about the progress they have made since
    last standup. Each week the leader will be changed.

• meeting preparation
    Prepare to mention what you worked on. Also, say what will you be working on in the coming days.

• version control 
    We will be commiting to Github branches to store our work. If someone wants to merge something to master, 
    they should create a pull request and need to have at least one review and approval from the teammates.
    The person reviewing last will be merging onto master.  

• division of work
    Currently the work will be divided based off our strengths and interests.
    The leader of that week will divide the work off strengths of each individual during the standup 
    after the sprint meeting which is on the day of demo at 6pm. 

• submitting assignments (when to submit, who will submit, who will review the submission, . . . )
    During the week of demo, the leader will review the work the day before demo. 
    Everyone should be responsible for their own work.

• contingency planning (what if a team member drops out, what if a team member consistently misses
meetings, what if a team member is academically dishonest, . . . ) 
    If a team member drops out then an emergency sprint planning meeting will be held to reallocate 
    work. If necessary the team might even reduce the number of features we want to implement.

We suggest that in these cases, a team promptly seeks help from the instructor. It is important not to let such situations escalate.
The list above is just meant to get you started. If you had any team problems in the past, think about what
went wrong and how expectations can be set to prevent those types of problems.

Team Guidelines (continued)
We accept these guidelines and intend to fulfill them (sign below):
Jimmy Yu
Piyush Ukani
Maninder Dhanauta
Mahamad Jawad Jawid
Kshitij Dahal
Muhammad Osman Amjad
Vineet Desai


Review the guidelines with your TA and decide which member of your team will keep this form. In the event
of team disagreements, you may be asked to show this form to your instructor.
